= feature_definitions

A minimal useful feature toggle mechanism.

== Installation

  gem 'feature_definitions'

== Example

=== Using constructor
lib/features.rb:
  class Features < FeatureDefinitions
    AWEOME = self.new {|flags| flags.is_awsome? }
  end

app/main.rb:
  Features.context = args_to_flags

app/elsewhere.rb
  def some_method
    Features.AWESOME.enabled? do
      # do feature
    end
    # else noop
  end

=== Rails (and define_feature helper)
Rails is *NOT* required, but this is how you would use this gem with Rails.

app/model/features.rb:
  class Features < FeatureDefinitions
    define_feature :AWESOME do |user|
      user.is_awesome?
    end
  end

app/controller/application_controller.rb:
  class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base
    before_filter { |controller| Features.context = controller.current_user }
  end

app/views/some/view.erb.html:
  <% if Features.AWESOME.enabled? %>
    You have the awesome feature enabled!
  <% end %>
  <% Features.AWESOME.enabled? do %>
    You have awesome blocks enabled!
  <% end %>

== Contributing to feature_definitions
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 Ryan Graham. See LICENSE.txt for further details. (TL;DR: MIT license)

